DEVDOCS-5809: [update] remove config_meta, update incorrect POST chan… (#845)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/integrations/channels/quick-start.mdx

## Create a channel

> Apps curated as solutions within the **Create Channel** flow must create a basic channel with a reference to their BigCommerce [App ID](/docs/integrations/apps/guide/id). This enables them to be shown in the [Channel Manager](/docs/integrations/channels) as managing a specific channel; it also improves the native look and feel for the merchant using the app. To make changes to UI sections, use the [Create a channel menu](/docs/rest-management/channels/channel-menus#create-channel-menus) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apps curated as solutions within the **Create Channel** flow must create a basic channel. This automatically associates their app with the channel created and enables them to be shown in the [Channel Manager](/docs/integrations/channels) as managing a specific channel; it also improves the native look and feel for the merchant using the app. To make changes to UI sections, use the [Create a channel menu](/docs/rest-management/channels/channel-menus#create-channel-menus) endpoint.
```

  "platform": "drupal",
  "external_id": "",
  "is_enabled": true,

>   "status": "connected",

Reviewer: There is a section above that might need to be rewritten a bit in context to this change:
>Apps curated as solutions within the **Create Channel** flow must create a basic channel with a reference to their BigCommerce [App ID](/docs/integrations/apps/guide/id). This enables them to be shown in the [Channel Manager](/docs/integrations/channels) as managing a specific channel; it also improves the native look and feel for the merchant using the app.
